hello and welcome to all and antoine
today in this new video
pong blog
we will talk a little bit about
installing a hard drive and slt
in a macbook pro go it's gone
get married that it's powerful
that's first of all in a
first step that will take davis and
levis behind your pro macbook
so there are exactly 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 and
10 vi unscrewed
so once you have all the vices
and you remove the plate
So here is once the plate remove
you can notice your disk ssd
which is at the bottom left
the superdrive at the top next we have the
card but nothing sound to the battery
then there is the thing to do everything from
continued if you still have not installed
your ssd is disassemble two small
screws that hold the hard drive so from
very small screws it's easy that
hold the block sign and then you
you can remove your hard drive
ssd without forgetting end we go your records
hard not to forget to remove the tablecloth
so here
see that we have our little b who comes in
very well in the part of the superbike
so for the installation of the hard drive
in loppsi b it will have to install a
ben dirtyh disassemble the vices that binds to
kylie has all around the three vices that
there are who make hold your little b to
unless you want small casca
black part plastic way but he
will have to dismount after but I have
disassembled all the screws it was more
clean so you can install the drive
hard inside
that's when the screws are
disassembled you'll have to do it
wipe your hard drive in till
what does it make in sata connectors
or just do not see each other anymore
far that this is once it's
well returned you the vice and you
return your tibet you aim the
four vices that are provided with the
kit so to be able to maintain well
your hard drive
once you've done these four
vices you put back the metal part
in aluminum at the top and you put
the three buses that were dismounted at
prior to any age
so then we'll go to
the installation on the super bright it
just remove the tablecloths is attacking
first of the hard drive so you put
your moment of lifting the little ones
small tablecloth is disassembled
and you take away all lives what he
are around the SuperDrive
so there is one two three four five
lives it shows so you go there with
the blond tram reviews since markup
strikers slammed watch in hand and
in principle it comes well must
based on vices a very lewd concern
very flat and therefore global and although
the good times the vice
so once you have it all off
you can take apart the tablecloth of your
superb rhein like the hard drive
and drag it by doing very
pay attention to the guarantee label so
not to lose a guarantee if it is
still under warranty
that's it now that you have
all removed we will go to
the installation so due the opib is
so we first get a little
part a small part of the kif and the
connectors between sata connectors and
sata connectors from the macbook pro
so that you take it off your super
bright so you give it your little
b and you go this is also recovered the
small if I see there next to the
fan
so this little rod to disassemble at
install on your little besson
she will not be very well
So here is the reassembly of ssd is
simple take your ssd beforehand
you put the little pimples
four little pimples of who go in
his doc you reconnect the tablecloth
sata on you are going revenge and you
go the lineage zinc puts the little ones
pimples in the holes or leave you
the senses once you did that you
go get the part with your screw
rest on it and sione
papandreou obviously aims and you
screw everything back